Orpyx® SI Sensory Insoles
orpix
Houston Foot and Ankle Care is now offering Orpyx® SI Sensory Insoles, which help to prevent diabetic foot ulcers.

When worn 4.5+ hours per day, patients saw an 86% reduction in diabetic foot ulcer recurrence based on a recent clinical study.

Custom made for each individual, Orpyx® SI Sensory Insoles includes remote patient monitoring for the prevention of diabetic foot ulcers (DFU) and neuropathy-related ulcers. These insoles are designed to effortlessly capture plantar pressure, step count, hours of use, and plantar temperature throughout the day. They will provide you with real-time audiovisual alerts to enable you to take action to resolve high-pressure areas that may lead to tissue breakdown.

The data collected by the insoles will be monitored by Houston Foot and Ankle Care team to identify trends to proactively make treatment decisions to help keep your feet healthy.

Diabetic Foot Ulcer Statistics

1 in 4 people suffering from diabetes develops a foot ulcer
40% of those ulcers will recur within the first year after they heal
Once a person develops a DFU, the 5-year mortality rate is almost 50%
By preventing DFUs from recurring, we can greatly improve your life!

How Orpyx® SI Sensory Insoles Work
orpix
orpix
The Orpyx® SI sensory insoles come with a pair of custom-made insoles, a digital display that is set up and ready to use out of the box, a charger, and the instruction manual.

Orpyx® SI sensory insoles provide real-time feedback, enabling you to take immediate action when sustained high pressure is detected. High pressure can cause skin damage on the soles of the feet, which if left untreated could lead to foot ulcers, infections and, at worst case scenario, amputations.

In the clinical study, the group that received pressure alerts were 71% less likely to redevelop foot ulcers compared to the group who didn’t receive any instant feedback. And the sub-group that wore the insoles for 4.5 hours a day or more were 86% less likely to reulcerate.

Interested in Knowing More?
If you are interested in knowing more about the Orpyx® SI Sensory Insoles contact the Houston Foot and Ankle Care to schedule an appointment to get more information. Call us today at (713) 541-3199 to schedule an appointment!

Covered only by MEDICARE
